Update weights-and-biases.md (#368)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/integration/weights-and-biases.md

## Sweep configuration

> Sweep is Weight & Biases' tool for performing hyperparameters search & optimization. see more in https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/sweeps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sweep is Weight & Biases tool for performing hyperparameters search and optimization. For more infomrmation, see [Tune Hyperparameters](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/sweeps).
```
